low priority:

1.  input validation and sanitizations (after react hook form in frontend, backend go should go more checking and error throwing like required fields, e.g. creating workspace must throw errors if name or privacy is missing, some unimportant fields like color or tags cna have defaults, )
2.  erorr handling (e.g. when uploading files to parse, what if backend errors or pipeline errors, the error should be logged and saved in db properly (and user prompt that system is busy or whatever))
3.  check how auth middleware is used in backend
4.  paginations?
5.  shortcut keys (ctrl + n in workspace to make a note)
6.  tooltip (for shortcut key and explanation)
7.  double check that all actions have isSubmitting/proper isDisabled gates to prevent spams
8.  use dynamic color paletts for solid colors (these should be user defined colors, system colors should use success/warning/info etc) (prob need an extra field like customColor and a bunch of type changes in backend go)
9.  paraglide check for any missed text that is not being translated (few in workspaces open walready, PRIVACY_OPTIONS, input placeholders)
10. make a bunch of integration and backend tests
11. rate limiting, bot detection (can do some funny things if we have high bot traffic), analytics, promo, posthog
12. work on thinkg space
13. check all the skeleton loaders look ok
14. check that components are reused as much as possible (esp dialog ( to replace modals), popover, and buttons)
15. rewrite progress bar/other components in cva
16. check accessibility and aria labels (use radix-ui as primitive as often as possible, which means to enforce the radius primitives in ui components and ensure these ui components are reused as often as possible)
17. folder organization
18. react reactivity check (many many fixes needed, give it to fable)
19. semantics and accessibility check
20. when deleting files, make a is_deleted flag instead of fully deleting it. then make like a rubbish bin and perma delete the files after 30 days
21. readme files
22. investigate how to tie the state between search params and dialog open/close state, right now I see that we listen to change in dialog state in useeffect and then manually remove search params, and listening to change in search params to manually open the dialog. and we also need to factor in navigating cross pages and dont strip the search params on initial mount (because dialog will be initially closed)
23. elastic search?
24. what is the backend actually doing
25. how to not lose ones mind when reading this repo
26. send workspace invitations by email in addition to in-app notifications

high PRIORITIES:

3. unify quizblock and questionrunner (with questionrunner as default)? (need to consider the impact of how user can edit them when rendered using questionrunner styles) we have two different rendering paths, remove question type ordering-item
4. materials action menu should have same functions as normal files (file property should in addition show nodes and depths (is this saved in db?)), materials like quiz/flashcards may have additional customizations (e.g. time limit when attempting etc), put these additional customizations into an option called settings which pops up a dialog
5. in centercontent header, add in a full screen button and the action menu (with same functions found in filelistitem)
6. how to adjust blockselection colors?
7. fix block selection, per plate playground:
   Block Selection
   There are multiple ways to select entire blocks:
   Click and drag from the editor margin to select multiple blocks
   Click a block drag handle
   Right-click a block
   Click the triple dot button in the top-right corner (e.g. media blocks) (PENDING TODO: hover controls are to be implemented)
   Advanced selection techniques:
   Hold Shift while dragging to select non-contiguous blocks
   Drag near the editor edges to auto-scroll while selecting
   issues:
   useBlockSelected in DraggableBlock seems to retun false always (i.e. clicking on the drag handle doesnt select the block),
   DraggableBlock and right clicking blocks right now has a custom bg color rather than using plate block selection
   selecting text seems to use browser default selection rather than plate block selection
8. if copy and pasting markdown, render it directly rather than inside a code block (? what determines if a code block gets inserted or not?)
9. handle file loading errors (not unable to fetch from backend, thats handled, but onload error from urls, both in centercontent and in plate editor)
10. combine image/videos/audio/files into just a single upload (plus insert via url, make it a dropdown with a chevron down icon like how file import/export does it), (if upload, backend gen presigned url to upload to blackblaze, then store the link to the file, in all cases the file should never pass through backend to prevent attacks/reduce bandwidth), after getting the direct file url it displays in plate editor and parse into image/video/audio base on file format
11. fix the suggestion mode
12. in editor we need to use custom tooltips rather than title=xxx, include shortcut as well
13. add layout adjust in editor to make the document smaller or larger in width
14. theme configuration (use dialog) put in topsetbar avatar dropdown instead of nav
15. set loading state for submit buttons (esp dialogs)
16. remove all the <Text> components
17. enable ordering of doucments within chapters with drag and drop (right now it just drops in the chapter)
18. add icons for common file format
19. enrich the global searches (in the topinsetbar)
    - workspace names & chapters
    - files and materials names
    - calendar event names
    - tasks title
    - Remove: thinking space (not worked on yet)
20. make the onsuccess invalidate queries async await so awaiting a mutateAsync awaits both the mutate call AND the refetch query call, this is good for UI since loading states spans data mutation + refetch, refetch is where user actually sees the display changes, if loading state exits early, there is a gap between user seeing action finishes and UI updates
21. when calling backend, we should always use react hook form paired with zod schema validations (auto generated), the submit button should be disabled when submitDisabled is true (const submitDisabled =
    !form.formState.isDirty || !form.formState.isValid || form.formState.isSubmitting;) when error happens inside handleSubmit, a userToast must always show. editing existing resources or creating resources shouldnt need to show toast unless there is minimal to no UI change to let user know the action is successful (e.g. inviting members to workspace, or updaing privacy inside the shareDialog (very minimal select value changes))
22. enable website mcp for the LLM so users can ask (summarize file page x to xx or how to answer quiz A question 5), curate list of tools available to workspace chat llm/website convo llm (two different set of tools & context provided since workspace can provide more informations)
23. modularize ai models, let user choose what cloud/local models they want to use for different scenarios:
    exhaustive list:

- file parsing
- workspace chat with llm
- workspace generate
- editor ask AI (TODO: verify if this works at all)
- editor voice transcribe (TODO: verify if transcribe works at all)
- website realtime convo llm (TODO: not implemented yet)

subscription todo

1. free user gets 7 days of content version histories (materials.revision), after that it gets auto deleted, premium users get 30 days
2. free user gets 1GB free storage space (includes all files, plate json, assets uploaded through plate), prob need some reconciliation jobs by calculating using blackblaze api (? does this incur bucket usages) vs backend recorded storage usages
3. token usages (reconciliation from telementry?)

rag system caution
chapter scoped query/filtering is only soft steered using prompt, underlying reason why hard filtering during query is quite impossible is because after ingestion, an entity can be pointed to by multiple documents
